# autoscout24-task
## Introduction

This project was made a requirement in the hiring process at autoscout24 Gmbh. In this project, two CSV files were provided:
- Listings.csv
- Contacts.csv

A couple of reports are then generated by performing basic collection operations. I would have opted for an ORM approach due to its scalability benefits if I had more time.

The project was build using node.js and typescript.
Backend (API) : Node.js, Express.JS, Typescript
Frontend: Node.js, EJS, HTML/CSS
Test Framework: Mocha.js

## Installation
To install this project, clone this repository using the following command:

`$ git clone https://github.com/YoussefElHassani/autoscout24-task.git`

Once the repository has been cloned, go to the repository root and install the npm dependencies via the following command:

`$ cd autoscout24-task/`

`$ npm install`

Now that the dependencies are installed, feel free to start the npm server using this command:

`$ npm start`

This will compile the TypeScript files first, then run the server and a client that connects to the API.

All you need to do is follow the instructions in http://localhost:5000/


## Test
To run the unit tests, you can use the following command:

`$ npm test`

This will execute mocha (the testing framework) and run the unit tests.

## CLI

The CLI only displays the reports for the files provided in the task zip file ( they can be found in the './data/' folder). 

to run the CLI, execute this command:

`$ node src/main.js`

Note: the CLI does not connect to the API.